# Chapter 0: he desists under the pierced roof.

It was cold in there, whiteish wind, maybe accompanied by the fog or smoke of fire burnt somewhere, it was cinematic. As if he was put into the world of sophistication. The environment was the epitome of nature. The vehicle, he was coming with, an old rusty car was sheerly drenched by the light rain that was ubiquitous near him.

He mumbles expressing annoyance at the adhesive shirt that was also weighing high, for it held more than half a litre of rain. Being cautious, the car was parked somewhere safe near the brown bushes. Regular drops of water could be heard falling over the dried brown leaf of the giant tree that was right next to it. Although the poor dismantled house, it was sufficient to give the exhausted rider a little rest from the water somewhere outside the car.

But then there were two packets of burgers, he gets two of them, preventing the rain from invading that hot one. Interesting turbulence passes over the burger that he just exposed to the surrounding. He sees nothing but a delicious meal awaiting him for more than an hour now. Lucky that pair of burgers who could get heat from the scorching engine. It was so good that the existential crisis that was running through him lost somewhere. It felt good like nothing. It was all heaven. The lettuce that was crunchy and sweet was perfect to flood the hungry mouth with saliva. When the bites go on, he can’t feel anything other than the rich smell radiating with heat. Now, the tummy feels good and the eyes have the strength to see around. Those eyes could find a wooden dry bench inside. With no more think, he lays over it with a long, deep breath relinquishing the tiredness from all over the body. Just energized eyes now are completely shut and the nap he takes goes for an hour.

When the exhausted mind was pondering through the axioms of ‘Group Theory’. The book of mathematics was engulfed inside the minuscule rack of the rusty car which now smells irony. Because the icy water touched every outer part of the car, the outerior area of the car is like the friend that you need but don’t want to be involved with. Weird but amusing noises made by the dried brown leaves but now all wet was soothing, of which consequence was another hour-long nap. When stayed still, one could hear subtle playful sounds of birds. Covering most of the room, peaceful silence was there shielding him from the obsolete rush of the outside world. It was just nature where there were no propositions to be fulfilled; no arguments to settle. Time would be the joy itself.



# Chapter 1: he founds another book.

From that pierced-roof hut he moves and resumes his voyage to the horizontal road that showed no end at all. But he knew there must be some end to come. He ate both of the burgers and felt them as remedy to the unconscious pain he was dragging with himself. The rain takes its break, stream of water start to evaporate, wet road possesses pattern of black and grey due to the moisture, some of the brown dry leaves uphold gleamy drops of water refracting orange sun that was about to meet the dawn and then twilight.

Tummy says something to him, maybe a word of thank for the hot burgers. Suddenly, a pack of black smoke from the engine rushes up to the clean blue sky. He gets to smell that addictive smell. For most of the time he was driving with no focus ahead, as the course was clear and straight like the line that you would see in the mathematics book representing parallel state. he now moves towards the gloomy forest that was about 20km long. He would have to spend his night in one of the 4 motels that were inside the forest. But, his favourite one was the 3rd one. He had intimate relationship with the owner of the motel, an old british grandpa. He would pass by there whenever possible and this time it was perfect to dwell in there as the night had to be spend somewhere in the forest.

Now, the old rusty car enters the dark forest. It was dark on itself but the disappearance of sun added more flavour to the darkness. Twilight of pink and purple color seems to have into the forest from rare holes within the tree. The trees were about 10 feet tall. Smell of them enriched the odour of the ambient, wooden smell. Along the way, he witness the white smoke from the firecamp of the first motel. The motel was right around a km long. Staring ahead, he drives. There goes a view of something white to the stodgy eyes of the driver who had nothing interesting to think about. He got something interesting now to be involved in, that white thing, now that he reached to that thing, he still is surprised that that was a book: novel. For some reason, the cover was illegible. But he could speculate that the whole cover of that novel was white. He takes a quick glimpse onto the first few words of the very dear first page, “From that pierced-roof hut….” he reads something like this. But then because he hadn’t reached the motel yet. He returned to the seat and adding that white novel to the rack in front of the car, he goes on.



# Chapter 2: night embraced the forest.

He moved further with the car. He now is closer to the first motel of that forest. There was a quick gap in the midst of the first motel and the present area he was moving on. But there was something glorious to witness, there was decent-sized fence that confined white sheep. For more sharpness, the fence was made up of half-sliced long bamboo. This view was colorful and the aurora of lives that was giggling over there brought a spontaneous smile on the face of the driver who was bored watching the identical trees passing by the wood. Because he had traveled for more than a dozen time, he knows that he now has to wait for 4 more minutes with the constant speed of 50 km/hr to reach to the second motel that was just a little modern than the previous one.

For no specific reason, he plans to have a drink of cold water. May be he wanted to be stationary for a while and relish the joy around these lives that made him comfortable to be there. More often than not, he wouldn’t stop there but as he did this time, he was a new-comer there. Although, the shopkeepers had canny eye that could watch bunches of people at a same time, for they had to sell their article as more as possible. They couldn’t reckon him even though he drove for dozens through there. There were half a century of dishes: desserts, full meal, starters and what not. But he had no cash and no time for some of those to try. “May other time”, he says.

He didn’t have enough time to even take a full view of the surrounding except those food, now he asks a pair of chill water kept on refrigerator. He reaches for his wallet but it isn’t there now. “Holy molly…..” hundreds of thoughts ravages his tranquil state and now his other hand reaches the remaining pocket. Lucky he, there was it. Heavy consternation almost brought panic attack in there. He takes a leaf of paper which had an imprint of $2 and passes away to a man who now seems to be happy like a child when received a Dairy Milk bar. He has no time to waste, says “take care!” to that child and rushes to the car. It was almost night but he could see the road dim. Moon commencing to reach its climax. Twilight was fading leaving a dark red color over the roof of the shop. Sheep are now quiet. Road seems to be intimidating like if it was skimming through the prelude of horror story. He had left to use mobile phone very long ago and now only had a laptop that would do everything he ordered. Nor was the laptop with in the front row of the car but in the back trunk locked safely. With all this thought, in front of him darkness was reaching its max. He rushed to 80 km/hr now. Oh, he remembers that car is installed with something called ‘headlight’. He clumsily sends his left hand beneath the steering to catch the switch for the headlight as he could no longer read the text that said “Headlight” or any weird icon.

Suddenly, road ahead is lit now. Thick warm light was sweetening the cold that flew across the neck. It appears that 3 minutes already passed. Despite passing more than half of the required time, he still is inside the maize of dark forest, which exhibited him the scary sound as could the bamboo produce. The past few minutes felt like if the time was running only for him. He could see no world but a 8 feet wide road which was hunted by the dark from both the side. A more minute left his clock that was radiating emerald color from the watch-needle. He hadn’t got time to read any sci-fi book but felt like he was narrating some of those kind of book. He doesn’t want to utter a single word because he doesn’t want to know that he was actually in the reality and that he was the prey of mysterious force of nature: he read gazillions of physics & chemistry books (he was in awe for consecutive week after he felt the laws written in these books: like if reality was more than reality).

